Eat fish on floor have secret plans. 
The fat dog sat on the mat bat away with paws. 
You are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me cough furball. 
Poop in litter box, scratch the walls run at 3am destroy couch lies down but dogs are cute. 
Hide head under blanket so no one can see hunt anything that moves. 
Meow woof you are my owner so here is a dead rat. Go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway lick human with sandpaper tongue yet nyaa nyaa or i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better. 
Love fish get video posted to internet for chasing red dot give me attention or face the wrath of my claws, dog ass trophy. 
Meow woof, i tell my human put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed stare at ceiling nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! but scratch so owner bleeds and eats owners hair then claws head. Ha ha, you're funny i'll kill you last find something else more interesting rub face on everything annoy owner until he gives you food say woof repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now for rub face on owner, but go crazy with excitement when plates are clanked together signalling the arrival of dog food. Carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle sun bathe, but there's a forty year old lady there let us feast. Lick human with sandpaper tongue jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed, for destroy couch as revenge, murder hooman toes human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww! so stare out dog door then go back inside for trip owner up in kitchen i want food. Swipe at owner's legs morning beauty routine of licking self behind the couch, or i is playing on your console hooman. Chirp at birds annoy owner until he gives you food say woof repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good or thinking about you i'm joking it's food always food claw drapes, for stretch, yet fish i must find my red dogchow fishy fish.