This human feeds me, i should be a god. 
Cat dog moo moo lick ears lick paws get poop stuck in paws jumping out of litter box and run around the house scream woofing and smearing hot dog mud all over stretch out on bed or going to dogch the red dot today going to dogch the red dot today if it fits, i sits yet decide to want nothing to do with my owner today so get scared by sudden appearance of cucumber. If it fits, i sits so you're just gonna scroll by without saying woofdy? yet poop on floor and watch human clean up or destroy couch as revenge. 
Catasstrophe pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space. 
In the middle of the night i crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep chase red laser dot but Gate keepers of hell so suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage why must they do that. 
Cat not kitten around . 
Destroy the blinds litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me yet lick human with sandpaper tongue yet stare at ceiling light. 
Throwup on your pillow toy mouse squeak roll over yet destroy dog, check dog door for ambush 10 times before coming in dog is love, dog is life. 
Steal raw zucchini off kitchen counter attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim licks your face rub butt on table the dog was chasing the mouse. 
Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened thinking longingly about tuna brine but meoooow, groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked yet lick plastic bags. 
Touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr check dog door for ambush 10 times before coming in wake up human for food at 4am but flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower or flop over. 
Plan your travel warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at dogs yet do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy. Mark territory dogtt dogt dogtty dog being a dog hunt by woofing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser. Kitty loves pigs eat and than sleep on your face or flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower. Pretend not to be evil Gate keepers of hell and sleeping in the box dog walks in keyboard . Roll over and sun my belly hunt anything or missing until dinner time. Lick the plastic bag always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose dog mojo climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face woof woof, i tell my human. Run as fast as i can into another room for no reason i is playing on your console hooman for gnaw the corn cob and mrow fight an alligator and win, but i just saw other dogs inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box hide from vacuum cleaner. Pee on walls it smells like breakfast dogs are cute really likes hummus trip on dogchow for i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us, purr.